Jean-Luc Mélenchon: "Everyone, listen to
that clamor rising from among us.
It's like the wind
rustling through the leaves.
That sound has no name but it is a warning
which comes from the might of the people
when it arises
in its History!
I knew
you were going to be there!
I knew that the surge that uplifts us,
generation after generation,
is unlimited.
In our ranks
also appear the shadows
of humanity's sad humiliated face.
To all those who suffer from this sickening world,
where the accumulation of wealth for some,
feeds upon the continual distress of others...
We are their revenge!
We are their unaffected dignity!
And the bright expectancy
of better days.
Mighty leaders of the Earth, we are coming for you.
We are once again
facing a historic moment for our people...
We will be steady and consistent,
trustful and patient,
until victory is achieved!
We are the civil revolution
always reawakening.
Here is our motto:
"whatever the problem is,
the answer is the people!"
We must be aware of our strength,
it is our liberty,
it is the fire who blazes in us and will never burn out.
If so many people are gathered here today
it's because they know how much the situation is critical for their country.
Our project is one that promotes
a society
that is caring and considerate of its members.
A peaceful
and democratic society.
A society that does not tolerate starvation and poverty
in the midst of opulence!
By (re)writing the Constitution,
the people itself is renewed
and reunites altogether
to become the one and indivisible Republic once again!"
Crowd cheering: "Resistance! Resistance! Resistance!"